README.md, before:

# Whitman Books Online
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online/network)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/whitman-books-online-documentation/badge/?version=latest)](http://whitman-books-online-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online)

Whitman Books Online is a web-based application to facilitate the sale and 
exchange of textbooks between students at Whitman College.  It is being 
developed by the students of the CS300 Software Engineering course of spring 
2018.  Please see [our ReadtheDocs.io site](http://whitman-books-online-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for full documentation of the 
project.

Commit message:

README.md addition and changes to be in accordance with pep8 styling  (#122)
* modified all files within ../../api to conform to pep8 style

* addition on coding style and small readme edits

README.md, after:

# Whitman Books Online
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online/network)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/whitman-books-online-documentation/badge/?version=latest)](http://whitman-books-online-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online.svg)](https://github.com/whitman-books-online/whitman-books-online)

Whitman Books Online is a web-based application to facilitate the sale and 
exchange of textbooks between students at Whitman College. It is being 
developed by the students of the CS300 Software Engineering course of spring 
2018.  

### Documentation
For those curious about the development process, including:
 * Meeting notes
 * How the API works
 * The mistakes we made along the way
 * Or anything else... 

Please see our [ReadtheDocs.io](http://whitman-books-online-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) site.

### Code Quality

#### Python 

##### Style

For our Python code we are conforming to the [pep8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style-guide.

Tests can be run using [pycodestyle](http://pycodestyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/index.html), in order to find style mistakes.
Code can be auto-corrected with [autopep8](https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/).

pycodestyle is required for autopep8 and both can be installed with `pip`.
