Feb 06 Tue - Planning and Workshopping
======================================
In addition to the back-end OAuth discussion and sub-team organization, a workshop was held on Git and GitLab.



General
-------

Making sure everyone is on the same page; Affirming what backend is and does.

Backend has all their current tasks put into issues. Jesse will make more tickets for his own tasks.

George has a paid server option that sounds good.

Jesse will probably take over Raj's ticket of determining what API is suitable for this project. Flask is the most likely pick.

We have access to online Flask lessons through Udemy, as discussed in Slack.



Analysis Document Outline
-------------------------
Jeremy Davis's notes from talking to Prof. Klein about the analysis document

Risk analysis
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Risk of not getting project done on time and what can be done to mitigate that risk (include timeline for example) 
Risk of litigation, talk to Whitman legal counsel 
Personnel risks such as bad relationship with bookstore

Tools
~~~~~
Analysis of software tools to be used to accomplish project such as MySQL for database, html/css and Javascript and react for frontend, etc. 
Doxygen? All tools we will be using
Make sure all the interfacing between languages is doable

Backend
~~~~~~~
python with flask microframework
SQLALCHEMY Object-relational mapper for use with MYSQL databate
Anything we have to buy? Domain name, server hardware?
Time analysis, do we have enough time to complete everything?

Marketing Strategy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Catchier name? 
Survey of student to see if they would even be interested? 
Design of ui to make it salable

Other
~~~~~
Software quality assurance analysis, such as what we do to make sure code is up to par, anticipating possible problems to mitigate them. 
Anticipating future sub-divisions of teams
Different organization charts of sub-teams, more up to date for exactly what everyone is working on



Back-End - OAuth
----------------

Do we want OAuth to send the token directly? That's a question for later, but Jesse thinks the token should be sent to us along with the full name and email address.

Since this is looking more like a frontend matter, Jesse will talk to Richie about passing authentication responsibility to frontend and the OAuth PoC ticket will be closed.

George has been using Flask for part of the OAuth PoC.
