Mar 27 Tue - API Endpoints
==========================

Owen, Sean, and Richie

Small meeting to talk about the functions

Richie brings up the design phase document to show the diagram.

Richie wants a function for each endpoint. For example, there will be an
endpoint called /users and it will contain key-value pairs where the key is a
user ID and the values are data about the user. There may be 2 functions for 
`/books` so that they can be accessed by ID or keywords.

Endpoints:
* /users
* /books
* /listings

Think of the endpoints as their own classes.

Here's a representation of a possible database. There may be some bits missing,
for example, a book has more information than just title, author, and ID.

* `/users`
  * `$user_id`
  * `name`
  * `email`
  * list of listing IDs for listings created by this user
* `/books`
  * `$book_id`, perhaps ISBN
  * `title`
  * `author`
  * list of listing IDs for listings for this book
    * `$listing_id` for each listing
* `/listings`
  * `$listing_id` <-- this is one particular listing
  * `price`
  * `condition`
  * `book_id`
  * `user_id`
  * `status`

Frontend will send a request with either a query or some number of book IDs.
When they send a query, backend needs to do some kind of search.
When they send book IDs, just look up those books.

Things that frontend needs from the API:
* Create, remove, or edit a user, book, or listing
* get a user by user ID
* get a book by book ID
* get books by query (such as title or course)
* get a listing by listing ID

In any of the "get" actions above, provide all information about the object
being requested.
